Activity 1

User Inputs

Using Python:

Write a program that asks the user to enter their name and their age.
Print out a message addressed to them that tells them the year that they will turn 100 years old.

Activity 2

Odd or Even Numbers

Using Python:

Ask the user for a number.
Depending on what number they enter, tell them if the number is an even or odd number.

Activity 3

Rock-Paper-Scissors

Using Python:

Make a two-player Rock-Paper-Scissors game.
Remember the rules:
Rock beats scissors
Scissors beats paper
Paper beats rock

Activity 4

Rock-Paper-Scissors-2

Using Loops:

Enhance the previously written Rock-Paper-Scissors code so that it asks the user if they want to play another round.
If they say 'Yes', the game should begin again.
If they say 'No', the game should exit.

Activity 5

Multiplication Tables

Using Loops:

Write a Python program to create the multiplication table (from 1 to 10) of a number.

Activity 6

Pattern Generator

Using Loops:

Write a Python program to construct the following pattern, using a nested loop number.
1
22
333
4444
55555
666666
7777777
88888888
999999999

Activity 7

List Sum Calculator

Write a Python program to calculate the sum of all the elements in a list.

Bonus points if you can make the user enter their own list.

Activity 8

List Checker

Given a list of numbers, return True if first and last number of a list is same.

Bonus points if you can make the user enter their own list.

Activity 9

Combining Lists

Given a two list of numbers create a new list such that new list should contain only odd numbers from the first list and even numbers from the second list.

Activity 10

Tuple Number Checker

Given a tuple of numbers, iterate through it and print only those numbers which are divisible by 5

Bonus points if you can make the user enter their own tuple.

Activity 11

Fruit Shop

Create a Python dictionary that contains a bunch of fruits and their prices.

Write a program that checks if a certain fruit is available or not.

Activity 12

Recursive Adder

Write a recursive function to calculate the sum of numbers from 0 to 10

Activity 13

Adding List Numbers

Write a function sum() such that it can accept a list of elements and print the sum of all elements

Activity 14

Fibonacci Numbers

Using Recursion:

Write a program that asks the user how many Fibonnaci numbers to generate and then generates them.

 
Hint: The Fibonnaci seqence is a sequence of numbers where the next number in the sequence is the sum of the previous two numbers in the sequence. The sequence looks like this: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, …

Activity 15

Handling Errors

Write a Python program that throws a NameError.

Handle the error so it doesn't halt execution.

Classes of Cars

Activity 16

Create a car class with the following details:

Properties: manufacturer, model, make, transmission, color

Methods: accelerate(), stop()

accelerate() should print "{Manufacturer} {Model} is moving"

stop() should print "{Manufacturer} {Model} has stopped"

 

Using this car class, create 3 different car objects.

Writing CSV Files

Activity 17

Using Pandas:

Write the following data into a CSV file.

Usernames	Passwords
admin	password
Charles	Charl13
Deku	AllMight

Activity 18

Reading CSV Files

Using Pandas:

Read the CSV made in the previous program:

Print the values only in the Usernames column
Print the username and password of the second row
Sort the Usernames column data in ascending order and print data
Sort the Passwords column in descending order and print data
Hint: You can use DataFrame.sort_values("column") to sort your data

Hint: You can use DataFrame.sort_values("column", ascending=false) to sort your data in descending order.

Activity 19

Writing Excel Files

Using Pandas:

Write the following data into an excel file:

FirstName	LastName	Email	PhoneNumber
Satvik	Shah	satshah@example.com	4537829158
Avinash	Kati	avinashk@example.com	5892184058
Lahri	Rath	lahri.rath@example.com	4528727830

Reading Excel Files

Activity 20

Using Pandas:

Use pandas to read data the Excel file

Print the number of rows and columns
Print the data in the emails column only
Sort the data based on FirstName in ascending order and print the data
 

Hint: You can use DataFrame.shape to get the number of rows and columns

Activity 21

Calculator Test

Using pytest:

Create a new test file and write test to validate the following cases:

Sum of two numbers
Difference of two numbers
Product of two numbers
Quotient of two numbers

Activity 22

Subsets

Using pytest:

In the same file as the previous activity, do the following:

Apply the marker 'activity' to the last 2 test methods.
Run tests based on substring
Run tests based using the 'activity' marker.

Fixtures

Activity 23

Using pytest:

Create a new test file and do the following:

Create a fixture that initializes a list containing numbers from 0-10.
Write a test method asserting that the sum of that list is 55
Once you confirm that the test passes, move the fixture into the conftest.py file and rerun the test.

Activity 24

Parameterization
Using pytest:

Create a new test file and do the following:

Create a fixture named wallet() that initializes the variable 'amount' with 0
Create a test with the following parameters:

 
Write a test that performs the following scenario with the parameters
    My wallet initially has 0,
    I add {earned} units of cash to the wallet,
    I spend {spent} units of cash, and
    I should have {expected} units of cash remaining after the two transactions.
earned	spent	expected
30	10	20
20	2	18


